# Overview

This is a repository for my work on my Practicum II Project for Dr. Campbell's Summer 2024 Class as part of the MSDA program at UTSA. This is intended to be a statistical analysis to see if we can predict whether or not an MLB Pitcher will have to undergo Tommy John surgery based on their performance.

# Template structure and content

The project has a folder structure intended to organize the work for easier understanding and reproducibility. The following is a brief description of the contents. See the `readme` files in each folder for more details.

-   The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.

-   Code can be found in the `code` folder and subfolders. Code will all be under the `eda-code` folder within the `code` file. You will notice that some of them are name after which Project Submission Part they were submitted under during the semester but the `Final-Code` will include all necessary code.

-   All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. The `raw-data` folder contains raw data that will be used for this project. The two data sets I used were the `pitchdata` which was found [here](https://baseballsavant.mlb.com/) and the `tommyjohn` data which was found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gQujXQQGOVNaiuwSN680Hq-FDVsCwvN-3AazykOBON0/edit?gid=0#gid=0).

-   The `products` folder and its subfolders contains deliverables, such as manuscript/report.

    -   The `manuscript` undefined
    -   The `slides` subfolder would contain the slides made with Quarto

-   The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs.

-   Static outputs/ figures would be located in the assets folder. Primarily this is the codebook at the moment.

# 
